event-finder/README.md, before:

# Reka Tech Event Finder

This demo showcases how to use **Reka Research** to build intelligent apps that can search the web, structure responses, and support reasoning. It’s designed to help developers learn how to integrate and use Reka Research and its advanced features to discover relevant tech events.

![screen capture](../assets/capture-events.png)

> Requirement:
>
> - Have .NET 9 installed or Docker or CodeSpace

If you don't have .NET install on you computer use the devContainer with [Docker](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tutorial) or [CodeSpace](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/quickstart) to create your workspace.

## 1. Get your API key

1) Go to the [Reka Platform dashboard](https://link.reka.ai/free)
2) Open the API Keys section on the left
3) Create a new key and copy it to your environment
4) Add the key into [appsettings.json)](appsettings.json) (or appsettings.Development.json).

Voilà! Your are all set!

## 2. Run the demo

1) From the project folder, execute `dotnet run`.

## 3. Modify the code

Open the project in your favorite IDE/editor and you can look at [Services/RekaResearchService.cs](Services/RekaResearchService.cs) and change different parameters to see how it works.

- `allowed_domains` or `blocked_domains`
- `response_format` to control the output
- `max_uses` to limit the number of searches

## References

- [Docs: Reka Research API](https://docs.reka.ai/research)
- [Blog Post: How to Leverage Reka Research to Build Smarter AI Apps](https://reka.ai/news/how-to-leverage-reka-research-to-build-smarter-ai-apps)
- [Discord](https://link.reka.ai/discord)

Commit message:

Feat: Adds event finder demo
Introduces a new demo showcasing Reka Research
for intelligent event discovery.

Provides instructions for setting up the demo
and exploring its features.

Includes a screenshot for visual guidance.

event-finder/README.md, after:

# Reka Tech Event Finder

This demo showcases how to use **Reka Research** to build intelligent apps that can search the web, structure responses, and support reasoning. It’s designed to help developers learn how to integrate and use [Reka Research](https://docs.reka.ai/research) and its advanced features to discover relevant tech events.

![screen capture](../assets/events_finder.png)

> Requirement:
>
> - Have .NET 9 installed or Docker or CodeSpace

If you don't have .NET install on you computer use the devContainer with [Docker](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tutorial) or [CodeSpace](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/quickstart) to create your workspace.

## 1. Get your API key

1) Go to the [Reka Platform dashboard](https://link.reka.ai/free)
2) Open the API Keys section on the left
3) Create a new key and copy it to your environment
4) Add the key into [appsettings.json)](appsettings.json) (or appsettings.Development.json).

Voilà! Your are all set!

## 2. Run the demo

1) Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/reka-ai/api-examples-dotnet.git
   ```

2) Navigate to the project folder:
   ```bash
   cd api-examples-dotnet/event-finder
   ```

3) Run the project:
   ```bash
   dotnet run
   ```



## 3. Try it out

Once the application is running: 

- search for different topics (e.g., AI, .NET)
- Try to change the location (e.g., New York, Berlin), or only keep the country
- Only allow spefici domains (e.g., techcrunch.com)

For each research have a look to the reasoning steps and the final structured results.

## 4. Checkout the code

Open the project in your favorite IDE/ editor and you can look at [Services/RekaResearchService.cs](Services/RekaResearchService.cs) and change different parameters to see how it works.

## References

- [Docs: Reka Research API](https://docs.reka.ai/research)
- [Blog Post: How to Leverage Reka Research to Build Smarter AI Apps](https://reka.ai/news/how-to-leverage-reka-research-to-build-smarter-ai-apps)
- [Discord](https://link.reka.ai/discord)
