README.md, before:

# Reka API Examples with .NET C#

![Reka AI](assets/reka-ai-cover.jpeg)

[![Join our Discord](assets/discord-invite.png)](https://link.reka.ai/discord)

This repository showcases how to use the **Reka Research** to build intelligent apps that can search the web, structure responses, and support reasoning. It’s designed to help developers learn how to integrate and use Reka Research with different tools and frameworks.

## 📋 More Examples in Other Languages

- [Reka api-examples with Python](https://github.com/reka-ai/api-examples)
- [Reka api-examples with TypeScript](https://github.com/reka-ai/api-examples-typescript)

## 📚 What's in this repo

| Folder/File                                | Description                                                                |
|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`csharp10-script/`](./csharp10-script/)   | 3 ways of using .NET 10 (preview) without projects with Reka's APIs        |

## 🧪 Why use this repo?

- Learn how to use Reka Research with requests and OpenAI SDK
- Build agents that can think step-by-step and cite sources
- Learn to control structured outputs using `response_format`
- Control domain scope and search behavior using `web_search` config

## 🛠 Recommended Use Cases

- Web search with control over allowed domains
- Research agents with explainable reasoning steps

## 🤝 Contributions

Feel free to open issues or submit PRs to add more examples or improve existing ones.

Commit message:

Adds restaurant finder demo
Introduces a new demo showcasing how to use Reka Research to build intelligent apps for restaurant search.
It includes instructions for setting up the API key and running the demo.

README.md, after:

# Reka API Examples with .NET C#

![Reka AI](assets/reka-ai-cover.jpeg)

[![Join our Discord](assets/discord-invite.png)](https://link.reka.ai/discord)

This repository showcases how to use the **Reka Research** to build intelligent apps that can search the web, structure responses, and support reasoning. It’s designed to help developers learn how to integrate and use Reka Research with different tools and frameworks.

## 📋 More Examples in Other Languages

- [Reka api-examples with Python](https://github.com/reka-ai/api-examples)
- [Reka api-examples with TypeScript](https://github.com/reka-ai/api-examples-typescript)

## 📚 What's in this repo

| Folder/File                                | Description                                                                |
|--------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`csharp10-script/`](./csharp10-script/README.md)   | 3 ways of using .NET 10 (preview) without projects with Reka's APIs        |
| [`reka-restaurant/`](./reka-restaurant/README.md)   | Search Restaurant using Reka Search doing Deep Search with adv. features   |

## 🧪 Why use this repo?

- Learn how to use Reka Research with requests and OpenAI SDK
- Build agents that can think step-by-step and cite sources
- Learn to control structured outputs using `response_format`
- Control domain scope and search behavior using `web_search` config

## 🛠 Recommended Use Cases

- Web search with control over allowed domains
- Research agents with explainable reasoning steps

## 🤝 Contributions

Feel free to open issues or submit PRs to add more examples or improve existing ones.
